Now I'll just talk a few words about what I've been discussing these last times, about the
four causes that take rebirth in the pure land of Amitabha, Dewache, Tibetan, and Sakavati,
all land of great blessfulness.
We went four causes, which is the great Buddha, great teacher, explained in the Amitabha Sutra,
the four causes, where he said, as I take that quotations, "Whoever thinks of Amitabha's
pure land as his future or his pure land, again and again," that is the one.
And the second is accumulating the merit, or gathering a lot of meritories.
Second, third, that same sentence, "And bodhicitta, or thought of enlightenment with dedications,"
that's the third.
The fourth line, a continually same sentence, and he said, "And that person again and again
praying that take rebirth in the pure land of Amitabha or Dewache, when that individually
come to the end of the lives, that moment, everything, that person thinks of the Amitabha,
at that very instant moment, Buddha Amitabha and all the rationals, bodhisattvas say, welcome
right in front of that individual on the prisons, right in front of that individual.
And when this individual see Buddha Amitabha and all the rationals, that individual be so
relaxed and calm and peaceful, because that will have no fears or the suffering, the difficulty
of the moment of death, and then take the rebirth immediately.
As soon as we've lost the breathing, breathing, or last moment breathing, and rebirth in the
pure land of Dewache, and we will burn in the pure land of Amitabha or Sukhavati, those
are the, what we make and discuss, kind of roughly making that.
So those are the four causes.
And we went kind of little details of the meditation or the field prisons of Amitabhas,
pure land, and as well as Amitabha, and two principal disciples, such as Awalakrithyora
and Vaidyapani, right side, and Awalakrithyapani.
So right side, the chin is Awalakrithyora, left side is Vaidyapani, and all the bodhisattvas
all that is the bodhisattvas, and they're living in Buddha right now.
As I said, according to Dewache's time or the pure land of Amitabha at the time, Buddha
Amitabha got enlightenment ten years, ten days ago, ten days, according to their standard,
ten days ago.
So he's living in Buddha right now.
And Buddha Amitabha, and all the chin is Awalakrithyora, and Vaidyapani, the bodhisattvas, this bod
hisattva
is really looking to us with eye of comparison, love to all the living beings, moment we think.
Buddha Awalakrithyora is also a lord of the, lord of the families of so many Buddhas, such
as Tara, Awalakrithyora, Guru Pehman Sambog, one of the great master, Karma Chami said,
in the right hand, Amitabha's right hand emanated so many emanations of the, so many emanations
of the chin is Awalakrithyora to benefit for all beings.
And the left hand of the Amitabha emanated so many, many Taras to benefit to all the
sentient beings.
In the Heart, from Heart Center Amitabha emanated so many emanation of Guru Pehman Sambog to
benefit for all sentient beings.
So therefore, Amitabha is a lord of the source of all the Buddha families, particularly the
Pema families.
And so that is what really fills the strong presence of the Buddha Amitabha right in front
of us.
And then do the Akumalayhi merit, whatever we do, Akumalayhi merit is not something big
things, Yagantakthi things have to do.
One of the great teacher, Buddha Shaktamuni said to Ananda, Ananda, his disciple, Ananda,
raise up from the cushion, looking forward in the west direction, hold the flower, throw
that flower toward the right direction, thinking that I'm offering to the Buddha Amitabha.
Amitabha, thinking of that, it's you making great meritorious and will take the bird.
The simple flower, just a big flower from the ground, facing toward the west direction,
with the clear mind of the devotion, offer that.
And that is meritorious.
And when we do that kind of meritorious, may this become the cause to take rebirth in the
Pure Land Amitabha, myself and all the sentient beings, thinking of all the sentient beings
is bodhicitta, we know.
And then what your meritorious activity or good deeds you do and others are doing, see
that with rejoice and joyfully, may this become the cause to take rebirth to everyone in Pure
Land.
That is the fourth cause, prayer again and again, to be born in the Pure Land Amitabha.
Those are the simple four causes and conditions to take rebirth in Pure Land Amitabha.
So this prayer of four causes, that small paper that we have, the praise, those two
papers, I take two papers, you have that loose page, that is the praise, that is the praise,
aspiration, praise.
We have to do that simple way in clear mind with bodhicitta, thought and whatever the offering
you can do, mentally offerings or existing offerings, but open heart, open mind, those
are the really in the teaching sense.
So I just thought, highlight that, we just don't have to think big things, it's simple,
short and easy, it's the way to reach, get really to this, what's called transform this
samsara into the Pure Land.
And what in the great Master Raghaksa, just what we chided here.
By the merit of this meditation and recitation, and instantly when I lead this body, may I
take the miraculous birth in the devotees of the Tibetan world by the land of blissful,
Amitabha Pure Land.
And there, may I complete all the 10 Bhoomis or five part 10 Bhoomis, fulfilling all the
wishes and aspirations of bodhicitta completely fulfilled and then benefited for all the living
beings.
That's it, so it's fulfilling all the bodhicitta fulfillment, bodhicitta's wishes, our wishes
very easily without so many challenges, difficult obstacles, all conditions.
So those are, I just thought to highlight that and that.
But then there is true obstacles to be born in the Pure Land Amitabhas.
That is again, if someone gives up the connection to the Dharma, then that individually will
not be born in the Pure Land with Amitabha.
That is the one cause.
Second cause to prevent and take the birth in Pure Land is making big obscurations.
Those are the taking lives of the very close precious dear ones, such as in the teachings
we said, taking lives of these life's parents, lives, and our precious kindness, teachers'
lives, hurting the Buddhas and disturbing the dharmas and practice organizations, disturbing
the intentionally.
Those are the two obstacles, if we do those obstacles, that will prevent to take the rebirth
in the Pure Land Amitabha.
Otherwise, it's so simple, simple, easy, that because why?
Buddha Amitabha promised that and committed, and the Buddha Shakyamuni reforced of that
statement of the Buddha Amitabha.
So that is what it is.
And I just thought to highlight that and thank you very much.